Doc for disabling activity log (#3182)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/administration/recent_activity/recent_activity.md

Reviewer: Would it worth it to introduce here that it can be disabled?
Something like `If you add custom log entries for a custom feature, you may consider [disabling the activity log ](#disable-logging-activities) when working on large batches.`

Author: Added in https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/pull/3182/changes/ad1a59cb00f124395e1250c5f853285cc15e24f8

```yaml
ibexa:
    repositories:
        default:
            activity_log:
                truncate_after_days: 15
```

To automate a regular truncation, the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate` must be added to a crontab.
To minimize the number of entries to delete, it's recommended to execute the command more than one time a day.

For every exact hour, the cronjob line is:
`0 * * * * cd [path-to-ibexa]; php bin/console ibexa:activity-log:truncate --quiet --env=prod`

### Display limit

The `ibexa.system.<scope>.activity_log.pagination.activity_logs_limit` setting sets the number of log items shown per page in the back office (default value: 25).

For example, the following configuration sets 20 context groups per page for the `admin_group` SiteAccess group:

```yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        admin_group:
            activity_log:
                pagination:
                    activity_logs_limit: 20
```
A log item is a group of entries, or an entry without group.

### Disable activity log

The `ibexa.repositories.<repository>.activity_log.enabled` setting can disable activity log entirely for a given [repository](repository_configuration.md).

> To disable the activity log for a repository:

Reviewer: For example, to disable the activity log from the default repository:

> To disable the activity log for a repository:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to disable the activity log for the `default` repository:
```

                    activity_logs_limit: 20
```

To disable the activity log for a repository:

```yaml
ibexa:
    repositories:
        default:
            activity_log:
                enabled: false
```

> You can also disable activity log for a single action by using the [PHP API](#disabling-activity-log).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also disable activity log for a single action by using the [PHP API](#disable-logging-activities).
```

> 

Reviewer: I would move this below the truncate cronjob, at the end of the current section.
So the the start big part is all about configuring an enabled activity log.
Then the end part is about disabling the feature.

 --------------------------- --------- -------------------- -------------- ------- ----
```

> ### Disable logging activities

Reviewer: I would move this below "Add custom entries" section. Everything about an enable activity log, then everything about disabling it.

You can disable logging the activities with PHP API, for example, when loading large amounts of data in cases where you don't want logging to slow down the process or the actions to be included in the log.

Call [`ActivityLogService::disable()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_disable)
 before running the relevant code, then [`ActivityLogService::enable()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_enable) to restore the logging process:

``` php
[[= include_code('code_samples/recent_activity/src/recent_activity_disable.php') =]]
```

When disabled, any call to [`ActivityLogService::save()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_save) has no effect and no entries are written to the database.

You can check the current state with [`ActivityLogService::isEnabled()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_isEnabled)

> ` and [`ActivityLogService::isDisabled()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_isDisabled).

Author: ```suggestion
 and [`ActivityLogService::isDisabled()`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ActivityLog-ActivityLogServiceInterface.html#method_isDisabled).
```
